Update 103-test-oracles.md (#1800)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/113-qa/content/100-qa-basics/103-test-oracles.md

> # Test oracles
> 
> A source to determine an expected result to compare with the actual result of the system under test.
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://glossary.istqb.org/en/search/test%20oracle'>ISTQB Glossary</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: Let's please add detailed guide links instead of a simple glossary link

```suggestion
# Test Oracles

A test oracle is a mechanism; different from the program itself that can be used to check the correctness of the program's output for the test cases. Conceptually, we can consider testing a process in which the test cases are given to the test oracle and the program under testing.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://ecomputernotes.com/software-engineering/what-are-test-oracles'>What are Test Oracles</BadgeLink>
```
